Start with grass-gis-helpers library (#3)
mundialis/grass-gis-helpers: README.md

# mundialis GRASS GIS helper library

> This library includes functions which [mundialis](https://www.mundialis.de/)
> uses in different GRASS GIS addons.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This library provides functions which can be used for developing GRASS GIS addons and which are used by [mundialis](https://www.mundialis.de/).
```
